[Music]
I've heard tales of your kind which
you're a mutant
created by magic roaming the continent
we don't want your kind here hunting
monsters for a price I thought you'd
have found or horns or something
I had them filed down
people call you I wanted to
[Music]
[Applause]
why not kill them because that I am what
they say I have all of our choices draw
our destinies closer
he's out there there's still hope
fine Carol to prevail
don't judge me they say witches can't
feel human emotion what do you believe
in evil
[Music]
greater
it's all the same
princess cirilla
your destiny
concrete active
if you dismiss it
you will unleash
fool calamity upon us all
I'll take that chance
you
[Music]